Welcome to the hackathon project! This project includes a unique "glitch" feature that will cause the UI to change color if the app is not accessed via localhost when running the development server.

Overview
When you run npm run dev to start the development server, the application must be accessed on localhost. If the app is not accessed on localhost, the background color of the app will change as an indication of an error.

This feature ensures that users are aware they must use the correct URL to view the project while in development mode.

Requirements
Node.js (latest stable version)
npm (Node Package Manager)
Setup Instructions
Follow the steps below to set up the project and experience the glitch feature:

1. Clone the repository
Clone the project to your local machine using the following command:

bash
Copy code
git clone <your-repository-url>
2. Install dependencies
Navigate to the project directory and install the required dependencies:

bash
Copy code
cd <project-folder>
npm install
3. Run the development server
Start the development server using the following command:

bash
Copy code
npm run dev
This will start the app on the default local server (usually localhost:3000 or localhost:8080).

4. Access the app via localhost
Open a browser and go to http://localhost:<port>. Ensure that you are using localhost and not an external IP or any other domain.

Glitch Feature
Expected behavior: If the app is accessed correctly on localhost, everything will function as expected.

Glitch: If you attempt to access the app using an external IP or any URL other than localhost, the UI will immediately change color to indicate that the app isn't running on the correct URL.

The glitch feature will be triggered as follows:

You start the development server using npm run dev.
You try to open the app in the browser, but you do not use the localhost URL.
The app will detect the incorrect URL and trigger a glitch, changing the background color (or applying another visual effect to signify the error).
Purpose: This feature serves as an indication that the app must be viewed using localhost in development mode. The color change can be customized in the code to fit your preferences.

Troubleshooting
If you do not see the glitch feature working, ensure that you are running the development server and accessing the app from localhost.
Double-check the terminal for any errors that might indicate why the app isn't starting as expected.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.